README.md, before:

# Mobi Grocery Shopping App

The Mobi Grocery Shopping App is a mobile application built with Flutter that helps users keep track of their grocery lists and items. With this app, users can create new grocery lists, add items to existing lists, mark items as collected, and delete items from lists.

## Screenshot

![app shot](app_screenshot.png?raw=true 'Mobi Grocery Shopping')

## Running the Application

To run the application, first make sure you have the Flutter SDK installed. Then, clone this repository and navigate to the project directory in your terminal. Run the following command to install the necessary dependencies:

    flutter pub get

Next, start an Android emulator or connect a physical Android device to your computer. Finally, run the app with the following command:

    flutter run

## Running Tests

To run tests for the application, use the following command:

    flutter test

This will run all the tests in the test directory. To generate a coverage report, use the following command:

    flutter test --coverage

This will generate a coverage report in the coverage/lcov.info file. You can then use a tool like lcov to view the coverage report:

    genhtml coverage/lcov.info -o coverage/html

This will generate an HTML report in the coverage/html directory. You can open the index.html file in a web browser to view the coverage report.

## Architecture

The Grocery Shopping App follows the Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) architecture pattern. The app's data models are defined in the models directory, while the view models are defined in the viewmodels directory. The user interface is defined in the presentation directory.

Additional Notes

    The app uses the Flutter Provider package for state management.
    The app uses the Flutter Slidable package for swipeable list items.
    The app uses the Flutter TextField and AlertDialog widgets for user input and feedback.

Commit message:

add usage instructions to read me file

README.md, after:

# Mobi Grocery Shopping App

The Mobi Grocery Shopping App is a mobile application built with Flutter that helps users keep track of their grocery lists and items. With this app, users can create new grocery lists, add items to existing lists, mark items as collected, and delete items from lists.

## Screenshot

![app shot](app_screenshot.png?raw=true 'Mobi Grocery Shopping')

## Running the Application

To run the application, first make sure you have the Flutter SDK installed. Then, clone this repository and navigate to the project directory in your terminal. Run the following command to install the necessary dependencies:

    flutter pub get

Next, start an Android emulator or connect a physical Android device to your computer. Finally, run the app with the following command:

    flutter run

## Usage

-- The application is a simple Flutter application that displays a list of grocery lists. A grocery list can be added, renamed and deleted.

    1. To add a grocery list, tap the **"Floating Plus"** button. Enter the name of the grocery list and tap the "Add New List" button.

    2. To rename or delete a grocery list, tap the **"More"** icon on the grocery list card and rename or delete it.

    3. To view the grocery list items of a particular grocery list, tap on the gorcery list card.

    4. To add a grocery list item, tap the **"Floating 'Add'"** button. Enter the name of the grocery list item and tap the "Add Shopping Item" button.

    5. To rename or delete a grocery list item, slide to the left of that particular grocery list item tap on the **"Edit"** or **"Delete"** icon and proceed to edit or delete that grocery list item.


## Running Tests

To run tests for the application, use the following command:

    flutter test

This will run all the tests in the test directory. To generate a coverage report, use the following command:

    flutter test --coverage

This will generate a coverage report in the coverage/lcov.info file. You can then use a tool like lcov to view the coverage report:

    genhtml coverage/lcov.info -o coverage/html

This will generate an HTML report in the coverage/html directory. You can open the index.html file in a web browser to view the coverage report.

## Architecture

The Grocery Shopping App follows the Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) architecture pattern. The app's data models are defined in the models directory, while the view models are defined in the viewmodels directory. The user interface is defined in the presentation directory.

Additional Notes

    The app uses the Flutter Provider package for state management.
    The app uses the Flutter Slidable package for swipeable list items.
    The app uses the Flutter TextField and AlertDialog widgets for user input and feedback.
